web/README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type-aware lint rules:

```js
export default tseslint.config([
  globalIgnores(['dist']),
  {
    files: ['**/*.{ts,tsx}'],
    extends: [
      // Other configs...

      // Remove tseslint.configs.recommended and replace with this
      ...tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked,
      // Alternatively, use this for stricter rules
      ...tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked,
      // Optionally, add this for stylistic rules
      ...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked,

      // Other configs...
    ],
    languageOptions: {
      parserOptions: {
        project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
        tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
      },
      // other options...
    },
  },
])
```

You can also install [eslint-plugin-react-x](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) and [eslint-plugin-react-dom](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) for React-specific lint rules:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import reactX from 'eslint-plugin-react-x'
import reactDom from 'eslint-plugin-react-dom'

export default tseslint.config([
  globalIgnores(['dist']),
  {
    files: ['**/*.{ts,tsx}'],
    extends: [
      // Other configs...
      // Enable lint rules for React
      reactX.configs['recommended-typescript'],
      // Enable lint rules for React DOM
      reactDom.configs.recommended,
    ],
    languageOptions: {
      parserOptions: {
        project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
        tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
      },
      // other options...
    },
  },
])
```

Commit message:

Final polish: Dark mode for rental panels, fixed phantom lobby cleanup, enhanced UI/UX
- Added dark mode CSS for rental agreements and property rental sections
- Fixed phantom lobby cleanup after game completion
- Enhanced lobby disconnect handling for finished games
- Improved chat message deduplication with flexible name matching
- Added mortgage/unmortgage sound broadcasting to all players
- Simplified name handling system (removed complex suffixes)
- Enhanced trade link persistence in game log
- Removed debug elements for production readiness
- Added proper card styling for dark mode support
- All UI components now properly support light/dark themes

web/README.md, after:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:


## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type-aware lint rules:

```js
export default tseslint.config([
  globalIgnores(['dist']),
  {
    files: ['**/*.{ts,tsx}'],
    extends: [
      // Other configs...

      // Remove tseslint.configs.recommended and replace with this
      ...tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked,
      // Alternatively, use this for stricter rules
      ...tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked,
      // Optionally, add this for stylistic rules
      ...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked,

      // Other configs...
    ],
    languageOptions: {
      parserOptions: {
        project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
        tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
      },
      // other options...
    },
  },
])
```

## Project Notes

- Audio defaults to the "retro" sound pack unless the user has selected a different pack in localStorage (`audio.soundPack`).
- For robust cross-browser flag rendering, add country flag assets in `public/flags` using ISO country codes (e.g., `us.svg` and `us.png`). The board UI will fall back to emoji when an asset is missing.

You can also install [eslint-plugin-react-x](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) and [eslint-plugin-react-dom](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) for React-specific lint rules:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import reactX from 'eslint-plugin-react-x'
import reactDom from 'eslint-plugin-react-dom'

export default tseslint.config([
  globalIgnores(['dist']),
  {
    files: ['**/*.{ts,tsx}'],
    extends: [
      // Other configs...
      // Enable lint rules for React
      reactX.configs['recommended-typescript'],
      // Enable lint rules for React DOM
      reactDom.configs.recommended,
    ],
    languageOptions: {
      parserOptions: {
        project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
        tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
      },
      // other options...
    },
  },
])
```
